doc: Steps to update hybrid and logic_Partition documents (#6601)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/tutorials/using_hybrid_mode_on_nuc.rst

Hybrid Scenario Startup Check
*****************************

> #. install plug picocom

Reviewer: We should simply this and instruct the user to set-up the serial port connection. We also have a guide for that we can reference.

Hybrid Scenario Startup Check
*****************************

> #. Refer to the **Test the Communication Port** section in the :ref:`vuart_config` tutorial. 

Reviewer: There is no such command. The tutorial provides instructions to test that the serial port connection but we don't need to repeat these here.

The https://projectacrn.github.io/latest/tutorials/using_serial_port.html would be a better tutorial to reference here actually:
```suggestion
#. Refer to the **Test the Communication Port** section in the :ref:`connect_serial_port` tutorial. 
```
